[a11y] Account connection and setting toggle a11y docs (#970)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/SettingToggle/README.md

## Related components

- To let merchants to connect or disconnect their store to third-party services and apps, [use the account connection component](/components/actions/account-connection)

---

## Accessibility

<!-- content-for: web -->

> The setting toggle component is implemented as an HTML `<button>`. The current label should convey what will happen when the button is pressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setting toggle component is implemented as an HTML `<button>`. The current label should convey what happens when the button is pressed.
```
